Add documentation for event schema (#663)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/guides/build-schema.rst

   }

Implementing the ``SchemaType`` trait manually only requires specifying one
function (``get_type()``), which is a getter for a ``schema::Type``, which essentially describes
how this type is represented as bytes and how to represent it.

For example, the `Cis2 library <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts/blob/main/concordium-cis2/src/lib.rs>`_
implements the ``SchemaType`` trait manually for a few types that can not derive their ``SchemaType`` from base types.

> We explore the manual ``SchemaType`` trait implementation of the ``Cis2Event<T, A>`` as an example here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below explores the manual ``SchemaType`` trait implementation of the ``Cis2Event<T, A>``:
```

      fn get_type() -> schema::Type {
         let mut event_map = BTreeMap::new();
         event_map.insert(
            TRANSFER_EVENT_TAG,
            (
               "Transfer".to_string(),
               schema::Fields::Named(vec![
                  (String::from("token_id"), T::get_type()),
                  (String::from("amount"), A::get_type()),
                  (String::from("from"), Address::get_type()),
                  (String::from("to"), Address::get_type()),
               ]),
            ),
         );

         ...

         schema::Type::TaggedEnum(event_map)
      }
   }

.. note ::

   Event schemas can be represented by the ``TaggedEnum Type`` (`see list of types available to implement a schema <https://docs.rs/concordium-contracts-common/latest/concordium_contracts_common/schema/enum.Type.html>`_).
   The first byte of the event data logged includes
   a tag to distinguish the different events on-chain. For example, the TRANSFER_EVENT_TAG is 255 (u8::MAX)
   which is the key used in the above ``BTreeMap`` to store the ``Transfer`` event schema. The value of the ``Transfer`` event

>    in the above ``BTreeMap`` is a tuple consisting of a ``String`` (named ``Transfer``) and named Fields (``token_id``, ``amount``, ``from``, and ``to``).

Reviewer 2: You could mention here that the String is used as the tag in the JSON representation of the value according to the schema.

>    in the above ``BTreeMap`` is a tuple consisting of a ``String`` (named ``Transfer``) and named Fields (``token_id``, ``amount``, ``from``, and ``to``).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   in the above ``BTreeMap`` is a tuple consisting of a ``String`` (named ``Transfer``) and named fields (``token_id``, ``amount``, ``from``, and ``to``).
```
Or perhaps
```suggestion
   in the above ``BTreeMap`` is a tuple consisting of a ``String`` (named ``Transfer``) and named ``Fields`` (``token_id``, ``amount``, ``from``, and ``to``).
```

   #[derive(Serial, Reject, SchemaType)]
   enum InitError { ... }

>    #[init(contract = "my_contract", parameter = "InitParameter", error = "InitError", event = "Event")]

Reviewer 3: I can't see the event part without scrolling, so please introduce some line breaks.

And please add an `enum Event`, similar to `InitError`, so there are no unknown data types in here.

   fn contract_init<...>(...) -> <..., InitError> { ... }

.. note ::

>    The event schema cannot be derived and has to be implemented manually as shown :ref:`in this example <build-event-schema>`.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure whether I am misunderstanding here, but in many cases the event schema **can** be derived. It is just that for the CIS2 event it cannot since we use custom tags and don't support like a `tag` attribute.

Author: I removed that sentence.

   #[receive(contract = "my_contract", name = "just_return", return_value = "Vec<u64>")]
   fn contract_receive_just_return<...> (...) -> ReceiveResult<Vec<u64>> { ... }

   #[receive(contract = "my_contract", name = "just_error", error = "ReceiveError")]

>    fn contract_receive_just_erro<...> (...) -> Result<Vec<u64>, ReceiveError> { ... }

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   fn contract_receive_just_error<...> (...) -> Result<Vec<u64>, ReceiveError> { ... }
```
